well I'm here right now with cloud nines
contracts after a relatively easy - oh
it's the final week here contracts how
do you feel about cloud 9 exposition I
think right now we're doing pretty well
for ourselves we are on I think it's a
five-game winning streak and we're not
really having any struggles against the
teams were playing right now except for
maybe Team Liquid that was a rough
series but overall I think we're doing
pretty well and I'm feeling confident
going to playoffs
yeah I mean it does I was kind of
talking to several different people
about this last week it does feel like
all the teams are way more closer the
playoff teams at least then they ever
have been before do you think that you
guys are in a position to win this thing
yeah of course I think any of the top
teams can be any of them right now and
personally I am only a feeling it a
little bit worried against like maybe a
mortal to TSM because they have been
looking really strong lately and they
have strong junglers that can compete
against me so I think if we just put
100% effort into our screens and
practice I think we'll do really fine
yeah are you just saying the thing about
TSM cos spend is sitting on the other
side of the camera yeah I gotta be
humble so you normally I would maybe a
little bit ago but I can't right now
I can't trash-talking otherwise who'd
come over here and beat you down he goes
he goes to gym a lot yeah I mean I've
been doing pretty recently too and I'm
gonna I think it's like a 7 day Jacob
gym yeah yeah he's probably unlike a 370
day streak of the gym
I don't know alright so so I also want
to talk to you a little bit about the
patch situation because I feel like
right at the end of here we've seen so
many big changes and even more coming in
the next couple patches
how has cloud 9 been adapting to it and
has it been frustrating it to you at all
to see so much change I would say just
frustrating but definitely it kind of it
definitely is pretty difficult because
the meta was like kha'zix Leeson and
then it just randomly one patch turned
into like a bunch of tanks in cinderhulk
so adjusting my style was I'd say pretty
difficult on in the beginning but
overall I think I've been improving on
takes a lot and I feel confident myself
how do you feel about the strengths of
the other junglers right now and in the
playoff teams um I'm not um I think I'm
definitely like top two junglers
healthiest right now I think the the
only one that is going to be like super
difficult is Xfinity he's been
performing really well for himself and
yeah I think he's my biggest challenge
this way oh yeah spent over there right
now hopefully he doesn't hear you I
don't need to pay attention on this one
yeah all right good he'll see this
interview later and he'll be like oh
yeah all right
and in terms of in terms of just the set
of jungler champions that are available
to you right now and are available in
this meta how comfortable do you feel
with them and how are you do you like
those champions generally speaking hmm I
don't know if I like like them chip
those champions are definitely not
boring but they're not like super fun or
what I prefer to play but I'll play
anything for us to win and whatever just
meta so yeah I think I'm pretty good on
them I don't think they're as good as my
carries but I'm working hard to improve
them very good now trying to do this
interview quickly because spanis waiting
but I also have to ask you a little bit
about an interview you did earlier they
you were awfully Mays first on broadcast
interview how did she do I think she did
amazing uh I personally wasn't doing too
well I like stuttered my words and yeah
I don't know I'm really about interview
so I mean you're doing fine in this
interview what is it about the on
broadcast interview is it just like the
the tensions are higher there yeah I'm
coming off a win in audio yeah there's
also an audience right yeah I have been
watching me but he's not too much
pressure so without paying attention
how's everything else going on cloud
nine by the way because I you know I
think so many people ignore like the
mentality and sort of the energy of a
team going into playoffs and they just
kind of look at how they're performing
on stage but how's the team behind the
scenes I think we're doing pretty well
for ourselves we're pretty good friends
every one of us uh we have like almost
nope
with each other and I think just we're
all looking to put a hundred percent
effort into our screens and do well for
playoffs oh yeah well there anything you
want to say to any of the cloud9 fans
thank you for supporting us I we've been
doing pretty well for ourselves recently
and hopefully we can put on a good
performance for playoffs
we're good thank you so much for the
interview for everyone else you can
check the rest of our coverage of all
things League of Legends here on my
youtube channel thank you so much for
watching my interviews and supporting me
during this difficult time it's not that
difficult actually things are fine but
you can continue to support me by
subscribing to my youtube channel or
just heading over to Travis Khafre comm
slash support